README.md, before:

# AM-I-Awesome
A collection of usefull stuf to remeber.

# Python

## AI
- nltk
- spapy
[nlp](https://github.com/keon/awesome-nlp#user-content-python)

### Deep Learning
- tensorflow
- tensorflow-io
- keras
- pytorch
  - [Pytorch lightning](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- huggingface

#### Model Size Reduction
- [DeepSpeed](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeed)
### Data Manipulation
- Jupyter-lab
- Pandas

## Scraping
- Scrapy
  
### Distributed Computing
- [dask](https://www.dask.org/) - A flexible parallel computing library for analytic computing.
- luigi - A module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
- mrjob - Run MapReduce jobs on Hadoop or Amazon Web Services.
- PySpark - Apache Spark Python API.
- Ray - A system for parallel and distributed Python that unifies the machine learning ecosystem.

## Data Visualization
- [altair](https://github.com/altair-viz/altair)
- [bokeh](https://bokeh.org/)


## Python Development
- requests
- faster-than-requests
- fastapi
- pydantic
- Pillow
- python-opencv
- DJANGO 
- flask
- numba
- [prisma](https://github.com/RobertCraigie/prisma-client-py)

### CLI
#### UI
- [Textual](https://github.com/Textualize/textual): a library for gui on terminal
- typer
- fire
- click

#### CLI Bars
- tqdm
- rich
## Pipes and more
- [ploomber](https://ploomber.io/)
  - [soopervisor](https://github.com/ploomber/soopervisor)

# BIG Data
- https://github.com/0xnr/awesome-bigdata

## Parameters Optimization
- Hydra
- H2O

# Kubernetes
- KubeFLow
  - Kubeflow - Pipelines
- KubeDB
- Rancher

# Testing
- [Robot Framework](https://robotframework.org/?tab=0#getting-started) Perfect for integration tests
- [Behave](https://behave.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html) Perfect for unit tests using BDD
- [Hypothesis](https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html) Perfect for input data generation coverage

Commit message:

adding recommender and jupyter libs

README.md, after:

# AM-I-Awesome
A collection of usefull stuf to remeber.

# Python

## AI
- nltk
- spapy
- [nlp](https://github.com/keon/awesome-nlp#user-content-python)
- [evidently](https://github.com/evidentlyai/evidently) - monitor production models

### Deep Learning
- tensorflow
- tensorflow-io
- keras
- pytorch
  - [Pytorch lightning](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
- huggingface

#### Model Size Reduction
- [DeepSpeed](https://github.com/microsoft/DeepSpeed)

### Recommender System
- annoy - Approximate Nearest Neighbors in C++/Python optimized for memory usage.
- fastFM - A library for Factorization Machines.
- implicit - A fast Python implementation of collaborative filtering for implicit datasets.
- libffm - A library for Field-aware Factorization Machine (FFM).
- lightfm - A Python implementation of a number of popular recommendation algorithms.
- spotlight - Deep recommender models using PyTorch.
- Surprise - A scikit for building and analyzing recommender systems.
- tensorrec - A Recommendation Engine Framework in TensorFlow.

### Data Manipulation
- Jupyter
  - Jupyter-lab
  - [databooks](https://github.com/datarootsio/databooks) - manipulate and handle jupyter notebooks
  - [jupyterlab-tensorboard-pro](https://github.com/HFAiLab/jupyterlab_tensorboard_pro) - TensorBoard support for JupyterLab.
  - [jupyterlab-sql](https://github.com/pbugnion/jupyterlab-sql) - a GUI to navigate a db on notebooks
  - [ipysheet](https://github.com/QuantStack/ipysheet/) - work with sheet on jupyter 
- Pandas
- [csvkit](https://csvkit.readthedocs.io)
- 

## Scraping
- Scrapy
  
### Distributed Computing
- [dask](https://www.dask.org/) - A flexible parallel computing library for analytic computing.
- luigi - A module that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
- mrjob - Run MapReduce jobs on Hadoop or Amazon Web Services.
- PySpark - Apache Spark Python API.
- Ray - A system for parallel and distributed Python that unifies the machine learning ecosystem.

## Data Visualization
- [altair](https://github.com/altair-viz/altair)
- [bokeh](https://bokeh.org/)
- [ipyvizzu](https://github.com/vizzuhq/ipyvizzu) - for make animations


## Python Development
- requests
- faster-than-requests
- fastapi
- pydantic
- Pillow
- python-opencv
- DJANGO 
- flask
- numba
- [prisma](https://github.com/RobertCraigie/prisma-client-py)

### Logging
[loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru)

### CLI
#### UI
- [Textual](https://github.com/Textualize/textual): a library for gui on terminal
- typer
- fire
- click

#### CLI Bars
- tqdm
- rich
## Pipes and more
- [ploomber](https://ploomber.io/)
  - [soopervisor](https://github.com/ploomber/soopervisor)

# BIG Data
- https://github.com/0xnr/awesome-bigdata

## Parameters Optimization
- Hydra
- H2O

# Kubernetes
- KubeFLow
  - Kubeflow - Pipelines
- KubeDB
- Rancher

# Testing
- [Robot Framework](https://robotframework.org/?tab=0#getting-started) Perfect for integration tests
- [Behave](https://behave.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorial.html) Perfect for unit tests using BDD
- [Hypothesis](https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart.html) Perfect for input data generation coverage
